Damn! How do you say "permit"?
I have a permit.
-Dr. Niko Tapopopolis?
-Tatopoulos.
Kyle Terrington,
I'm with the U.S. State Department.
-What are they doing?
-You're being reassigned.
-But my work here isn't finished.
-It is now.
There's pressure from the Americans.
What have you told them?
Nothing yet.
Are there any survivors?
Only one, sir. He was lucky.
Get them out.
Ask him what happened.
What did you see, old man?
That's affirmative.
Hey, where are you going
with my stuff?
Hello. Hey. Hello.
Hello. That's very delicate.
Thank you.
-Dr. Niko Topodopeless?
-Tatopoulos.
Whatever. Come on.
Get these people off of the pier.
-Excuse me.
-Excuse me, sir.
-Mind telling me what I'm doing here?
-Watch your step. Don't talk to anybody.
Come on. Get them off the damn pier!
-What is all this? Some kind of spill?
-Yeah. Something like that.
Look, I work for the
Nuclear Regulatory Commission.
-But accidents and spills are not my field.
-We know.
You know you've interrupted a three-year
study of the Chernobyl earthworm?
Yeah, you're the worm guy, right?
Radioactive contamination in that area
has mutated the earthworm's DNA.
-You know what that means?
-No, but I got a feeling I'm about to.
It means that because
of a man-made accident...
...the Chernobyl earthworms are now
17 percent larger than they were before.
Seventeen percent, huh?
Sounds pretty big.
They're enormous.
That's what I'm trying to say.
I'm a biologist.
I take radioactive samples,
and I study them.
That's great. Here's your sample.
-Study it.
-What sample?
You're standing in it.
I don't see it.
Where is it?
Colonel! Colonel!
That was a footprint.
I was standing inside of a footprint!
That's right.
But there's no animal in the world that
makes footprints like that, is there?
I told them this is not your field,
but they never listen to genius.
Nick, this is Elsie Chapman,
of the National Institute of Paleontology.
She's your boss.
-Those were footprints, right?
-Yes, they were.
-Did anybody see what made them?
-Actually, no such luck.
It all happened so fast that nobody knew
what hit them until it was over.
-Elsie.
-Yeah?
The tape's in.
The French finally released it.
Now this is a Japanese cannery ship
that was sunk near French Polynesia.
We believe it's connected. By the way,
Dr. Craven, have you met the worm guy?
Sorry. Summer cold.
-Come on, come on. All right?
-Have a nice day.
Wait, wait, wait!
It's supposed to rain all week.
What's with the bags?
-Caiman's groceries.
-Oh, girl.
Speak of the devil.
-What?
-This one is the midget version.
This makes me look like a professional.
Can we put this on the 5, please?
-You think I should ask him?
-No.
-I'm gonna ask him.
-No!
-I will.
-Audrey.
-Did you talk with Humphries?
-This is not the place.
-Tell me. Did you talk with him?
-He'd consider it.
-It's between you and Rodriguez.
-He's considering me for the job?
What else did he say?
Why don't we talk about it
over dinner tonight?
Your place.
-Mr. Caiman, you're married.
-Yes, and you're very beautiful.
-Have I ever told you that before?
-Mr. Caiman.
I've been doing research for you after
hours on weekends for over three years.
This is a very important job to me.
I'm too old to be your assistant anymore.
I need to know this job
is going someplace.
So have dinner with me tonight.
I can't.
It's your choice.
-Okay, let's go. Yeah.
-Charlie.
Say hello to your new co-anchor,
Ms. Desireé Pon.
Hello, Desireé. Welcome aboard.
Mark. Can I have a pillow,
phone book, something?
Four, three, two.
Hello, New York. Today, at 5, we'll ask
Fat Pat, "When will this rain end?"
So three years digging up worms
in Chernobyl, was it?
-How did Mrs. Tatapolis handle that?
-It's Tatopoulos. I'm actually not married.
Really? A girlfriend, or...?
No.
Perhaps I work too much.
So do you mean to tell me there's no one
who holds a special place in your heart?
No. Not for a long time now.
Well, you may be
the wrong man for the job...
...but I think you're cute.
Thank you.
She thinks I'm cute.
Who the hell are they?
-Sergeant, get those people out of there.
-They're with me.
Is that right? Who are you?
La Rochelle
Casualty and Property Insurance.
We're preparing our report.
-You're pretty damn fast.
-That's our job.
Well, your people
are getting in the way of my job.
Colonel, what do you think
could have done this?
Listen, Mr. Roach,
you get your people out of here, or I will.
-The captain's getting a cup of coffee.
-He's taking too long.
And then he's gonna kick your asses.
Yeah, well, I'm in for a buck.
What the hell is that dopehead doing?
Artie.
Artie, what the hell's wrong?
Why are we slowing down?
I don't know. She's at full throttle.
Maybe she's heavy in the net.
Yo. How come we stopped?
Are the nets full?
I don't think so.
We must be caught on something.
Bring in the nets.
Bring them up. Pull them in now.
-What's going on?
-We're bringing them in.
Maybe the engines are heating.
Should I shut them down?
No, keep pulling.
Bring them in. Come on. Bring them.
I'm trying! I'm trying!
Cut them loose!
Cut them loose! Cut the net.
Look out!
Cut them loose now!
Hurry. Hurry.
Come on. Move, move.
It's in now.
-Let go.
-Let it go, let it go.
Did you hear that?
Excuse me, sir. We just got a report
of three fishing trawlers going down.
-What makes you think it's related?
-The trawlers were pulled under, sir.
Jesus Christ. The thing's only 200 miles
off the Eastern American Seaboard...
-...and we don't even know what it is.
-Theropoda allosaurus.
-What?
-It's a type of enormous reptile...
...that we believed died out.
So where's it been hiding
the last 60 million years?
What about the traces of radiation?
The radiation isn't an anomaly.
It's the clue.
This animal is much too big
to be some kind of lost dinosaur.
Don't tell me what it isn't.
Tell me what it is.
Well, what do we know?
It was first sighted off of
the French Polynesian Pacific, right?
That area has been exposed to dozens
of nuclear tests over the past 30 years.
-Hence the radiation.
-No. More than that.
I believe that this
is a mutated aberration.
A hybrid caused by the fallout
on these islands.
Like your earthworms?
Yes. Yes.
We're looking at
a completely incipient creature.
The dawn of a new species.
The first of its kind.
-My life sucks.
-Oh, please.
Your life doesn't suck.
-His life sucks.
-Because I'm married to you.
I cannot believe
he put the moves on me.
-After everything I've done for him.
-He is scum.
As far as he's concerned,
you're just a pair of breasts that talk.
-Hey, there's an image.
-I'm telling you, he is dirt.
He's a douchebag,
gutter slime, dog crap, puke chunks.
Hey, hey. I'm eating.
You don't see I'm eating?
Audrey, you're too damn nice.
That's your problem.
Nice gets you nothing in this town.
It's dog eat dog. You've gotta be a killer
to get ahead. Know what I'm saying?
I'm sorry, baby,
but you just don't got what it takes.
-You don't think that's true, do you?
-Yeah. Pretty much. You're a nice person.
Nice guys finish last.
-Well, I can be tough if I want.
-Yeah, sure.
I can.
No, yeah, no.
Whatever.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God.
Could you turn that up, please?
--location sometime in the last 12 hours.
It is not known yet...
-It's Nick.
-Who is he?
He was my college sweetie.
He looks so handsome on TV.
There seems to be an unusually tight
security around the crash site...
...possibly due to the sensitive
military cargo on the plane.
Fellas, you wanna unload this thing?
I'm getting soaked here.
Come on, will you?
Come on. Please.
Hey, Joe. Gonna catch one
of them little fish in the East River?
I hope so.
But you never know.
I mean, today could be my lucky day.
The only thing
you'll ever catch is a cold.
Hey.
I-- I got a bite.
Boy, do I have a bite!
Pull it up, Joe. You got a big one, baby.
Hold onto it now.
You wanna fight?
Oh, no.
There he is,
the man you've all been waiting for.
Yours for a safer New York,
your mayor, Mayor Ebert!
Thank you. Thank you.
I wanna thank you all for coming out
on this beautiful New York City day.
Four years ago, people didn't think
that I would reduce crime.
But I did!
Hey.
What the--?
Oh, my God.
Let's get out of here.
I'm grateful we're getting a new set.
I know that represents a commitment...
...on management.
Here's what I don't understand:
Why we're the only station in town...
...that doesn't have the Korean grocery
hold-up as our lead.
I mean, what's our lead?
Rain, again! It's stupid.
-Mom?
-I know, we're the classy station.
Sorry. I just don't give a rat's ass
about a war in some country...
...whose name I can't even pronounce.
-How about a real story?
-Si-- Si-- Sir?
I think your story
just walked by the window.
What?
Maybe we can get in
the Korean grocer's hospital room.
So did this Romeo have a name?
Nick Tatopoulos.
-Jesus. Is that why you dumped him?
-No.
How long did you go out for anyway?
Nearly four years.
Girl, I'm surprised
he didn't ask you to marry him.
Well, that's the problem.
He did.
Tell me that's not another parade.
I don't think that's a parade.
Please stand by.
What the hell is that?
Are you all right?
Are you cut? You, all right?
Victor! Don't be stupid.
Holy Molly.
Jesus, Mary and Joseph!
That is really...
That is...
...large.
-Oh, my God.
My God.
Come on, you bastard. Come on.
-Ah, jeez.
-Victor.
-One sec.
-Get back here, you retard!
-Somebody do something.
-Oh, my God.
Come on. Come on.
Are you gonna tell us what's going on?
-Let him through.
-Move it.
Sergeant O'Neal, sir.
-Any word from the mayor's office?
-Yes, sir.
They've agreed to evacuate the city.
They've called the National Guard.
Evacuate Manhattan?
That's over three million people.
-Has that ever been done before?
-I don't think so.
-Where is he now?
-We-- We lost sight of it, sir.
You wanna run that by me again?
After-- After its initial attack, he...
...disappeared.
Secretary of Defense Burk
is on the line.
I don't understand. How could
something so big just disappear?
-We're not sure, we're scanning the area.
-He probably returned to the river.
Well, I don't think so.
I mean, look at it.
It's perfect.
An island, water on all sides.
But like no other island in the world.
This is a place where he can easily hide.
He's in there someplace.
-Channel 12 caught it on tape.
-Wind out. Listen up.
I'm Charles Caiman
in the WIDF news center.
And ladies and gentlemen...
...we New Yorkers like to think
we've seen it all...
...but what you're gonna see right now
will shock you beyond belief.
This is footage we have that indicates...
...that there is a dinosaur
loose in Manhattan.
WIDF's exclusive footage was shot
barely half an hour ago.
WIDF cameraman, Victor "Animal"
Palotti, survived unharmed.
You are so brave.
Great stuff, Animal.
-Weren't you scared?
-Yeah. I thought Lucy would kill me.
Damn right, you crazy wop.
-Okay.
-What were you thinking?
We have to be completely relocated
to the New Jersey station...
...for the 10 o'clock broadcast. Animal,
you're riding in the chopper with Caiman.
Now. Let's go. Lift off.
Come on, everybody. Come on.
-Are you going to be all right?
-Yeah. Audrey's gonna spend the night.
Cool. A threesome.
That's excellent. I'm a little tired.
Dozens of people are reported killed.
Thousands of others injured.
Civil defense stations are being set up
throughout Manhattan.
In addition, city, military, health officials
are setting up a post...
...on the Jersey shore in anticipation
of an evacuation.
My bag. My bag.
Mr. Caiman.
Mr. Caiman, wait.
Mr. Caiman, I've got a lead. I know a guy
who's on the inside with the military.
-I know.
-You don't understand.
I can get us some inside information.
Look, this is the moment when the
big boys go to work. Okay, honey? Bag.
Got it.
This is crazy.
-Come on, come on. Let's go.
-Wait up.
Come on.
Wait up.
Come on. Be careful.
-Can we get a cab?
-Audrey, what are you thinking?
-Try to remain calm.
-On the sidewalk right now.
Everyone will be...
In what officials are describing
as the worst destruction...
...since the World Trade Center bombing.
Hundreds of thousands of people
have jammed the streets...
...in the largest evacuation
in this city's history.
And many people--
Many, many people
are not happy about it.
Among those unhappy citizens
are the managers of the stores...
...along pricey 5th and Madison Ave.
The Warner Bros. and Disney stores
have been totally cleared out by looters.
The streets are jammed.
Traffic is at a standstill.
Emergency vehicles cannot have access
to any emergency that may develop.
And there is a slow
but steady stream out of the city...
...as if Long Island or New Jersey
were any refuge in this time of crisis.
Oh, this is great.
If I'm wrong on this,
they'll string me up from the Liberty torch.
Didn't we agree that we weren't gonna
have any sweets until after the election?
Back off, Gene.
-Where's the mayor?
-Who are they?
It's a contingent of business
representatives from the community.
-I don't have time for this nonsense.
-Campaign contributors.
Ladies and gentlemen,
I share your concerns.
I wanna get this city back
in business as soon as possible. Please.
La Rochelle Insurance. We represent
13 percent of the buildings in your city.
You can count on
our emotional and financial support.
Thank you. Thank you.
What do you plan to do?
Fall back.
-Hey, stay back up there.
-Coming through.
-Where's your ID?
-Don't you watch TV?
You gotta have press ID.
I've got ID.
I had a badge on my bag here.
I don't know if this is a good idea.
What are you talking about? You stole it.
Finally you got a little Chutzpah.
Don't wimp out on me.
-What if Caiman finds out?
-Look.
How often do you think you're gonna
have an ex on the inside of a major story?
This is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity.
Just stick this thing.
Have you got any glue or something?
I'm sorry,
I left my forgery kit back at the office.
-No croissant?
-No, monsieur.
-You call this coffee?
-No, I call this America.
Sorry, Mr. Mayor,
but that's where we are at this point.
Now hold on. Hold on.
You're telling me, in an election month,
I've evacuated this entire city for nothing?
Do you realize what this evacuation
is gonna cost the people of this city?
We've been monitoring
the waters around the island.
As far as we can tell,
this thing has not left the area.
But you don't know for sure.
We have a reason to believe it may be
hiding in a building in the restricted area.
-But you don't know for sure.
-Mr. Mayor!
We cannot give the all-clear until every
one of these buildings has been checked.
-What is it?
-Excuse me, sir.
That may be more difficult
than we projected.
Terrific. Terrific. More good news.
We've run into a problem.
-Do you believe this?
-No. I don't know what's going on.
-You never know what's going on.
-Thank you.
-Right here, sir.
-Have them fall in.
Let's go, people. Fall in downstairs.
Lieutenant Anderson and his men
found this this afternoon.
We were checking the office building
when we discovered the floor was gone.
When we discovered he could burrow
through the tunnels, we realized that...
-He could be outside the quarantine zone.
-Hon Christ.
-How many tunnels lead off the island?
-Only 14, sir. He hasn't used any of them.
-Well, have them all sealed up.
-Yes, sir.
How? How--? How--?
How would we do that, sir?
Well, you fill them with cement...
...brick them up, put landmines in them.
Bombs. I don't care.
-Make sure it doesn't leave the island.
-Yes, sir.
You know, he's not some enemy
trying to evade you.
-He's just an animal.
-What are you suggesting?
Well, when I had to catch earthworms...
...I knew the best way to get them wasn't
to dig them out, but to draw them out.
All we need to do
is to find out what he needs.
And he'll come to you.
Ron, where are they now?
Delta Niner, what is convoy position?
Command,
they have just entered the city.
I have no radio contact with the convoy.
I'm expecting ground call info--
-Sir, convoy ETA is 10 minutes, sir.
-Right now.
-Then we've got to hurry. Here we go.
-Man your positions. Ten minutes ETA.
Go, go, go. All systems go.
Is it good?
Let's go! Let's go!
Come on. Moving through.
We have picture,
you can leave Jean Luc.
We have a signal, sir.
You said this was French Roast!
More cream.
All right, people. Let's get into position.
Let's go. Now, now, now.
Bring them in. Come on. Bring it back.
-I sure hope this plan of yours works.
-I'm kind of hoping that myself.
-Did you approve this?
-They appropriated it.
Twelve of the city's dump trucks.
Would you like to tell me
what's going on?
Actually, no, I wouldn't.
And don't touch anything.
-How's O'Neal doing?
-Everything is on schedule, sir.
-You sure you didn't know about this?
-No. No one told me anything about this.
Why do I even keep you around?
Dump!
No. Very clever.
All right, let's pile it on,
and let's get out of here.
That's a lot of fish.
Come on, you bastard,
it's suppertime.
Look at all that freaking fish.
Is this gonna work?
We gotta get these manholes uncovered.
We want him to smell the bait.
Come on.
Let's go! Let's go!
-Get those lids off. Go, go, go.
-What the hell is he doing?
-Okay. This way. This way. Come on.
-All right, you heard him. Let's go.
Come on. Over there.
-This one.
-Yes, sir.
-Give me the crowbar.
-Sir.
Set up here. I've got a shot.
This is Six Alpha Charlie. We've gotta
move. Can't stay put. We gotta move.
Secure the base. Get to your weapons.
Go, go, go.
Let's go. Move out now.
We need bigger guns.
-We've lost communications.
-Get us back online. Fire at will!
Sergeant, fire at will.
Right. Fire, fire, fire!
O'Neal, you better tell me
what is going on?
He's gone, sir. He's gone.
Echo unit in pursuit.
Follow my lead.
-All systems armed.
-Echo 4 armed.
We're doing 80 knots,
and he's pulling away, sir.
I've got him locked on.
-Locked on, sir. Target is locked on.
-Fire the damn missile.
-Echo 134, fire at will.
-Fire sidewinders.
Damn.
That is a negative impact.
I repeat, that is a negative impact.
-Negative impact, sir.
-Negative impact?
That's the Chrysler Building
we're talking about.
-You told me he had it locked on.
-Echo 1, we had you looked on.
They're heat-seekers, sir. He's colder
than the buildings around him.
Freddie!
-What, what?
-Let's go, before we get caught.
You know that bad feeling I get when
something really bad is going to happen?
-Yeah.
-I'm getting that feeling right now, man.
Descend to 300 feet.
Lasers on. All systems armed.
Target, 11 o'clock.
Where'd he go?
Echo flight, get it together, guys.
Prepare to fire.
-Echo 4, ready.
-Echo 2, ready.
Fire!
I think we got him.
We've lost Echo 1 and 2, sir.
Echo 4, where is the target?
Jesus.
He's right on my tail, sir.
I don't think I can shake him.
I think I lost him.
We've lost Echo 4, sir.
What's the matter with you people?
You've caused more damage
than that goddamn thing did.
-Calm down. Have some candy.
-I don't want any candy. Leave me alone!
I can't believe it. I mean--
He did all of this...
-...and we did nothing to him.
-That's not true.
We fed him.
At the command center in New Jersey
there is no new information to report...
...because the military has clamped
a total media blackout...
...on whatever is going on out here.
Officials are not saying anything about
their attempts to contain this creature.
And now I can see,
back from their expedition...
Okay, no. The situation is under control.
It's under control.
We have containment.
No way through. Okay.
Can I help you, young man?
Yes. Do you have any
at-home pregnancy tests?
Especially the ones that look for
gonadotropic hormones...
...or clomiphene citrate.
I don't know. This.
This.
-This is all we've got.
-I'll take them.
-Okay.
-Wow, you must have quite some harem.
Audrey, oh, my God.
Is it--? Audrey, is that you?
What are you doing here--?
Hi. Hello.
How much is that?
-Forty-six dollars.
God, you look...
How have you been?
It's good to see you, Nick.
-So you made it.
-What?
You're a reporter.
No, that's good. That's good.
That's what you always wanted.
I'm-- I'm happy for you.
Really, I am.
You're still mad at me?
You left without a phone call,
a letter, nothing.
All this time. Yeah. Yeah,
I guess I am still a little mad.
That was eight years ago.
Some people change.
Most people don't.
Well, I'm sorry you feel that way.
Audrey.
You're right.
Eight years is a long time.
Can I make you a cup of tea?
Sure, that would be nice.
I still can't believe it.
How does a guy
go from an anti-nuke activist...
...to working for
the Nuclear Regulatory Commission?
Well, when you and I went to rallies
together in college...
...we helped to create awareness.
But now, from the inside...
...I'm able to affect real change.
And exactly what changes
are you trying to affect?
I'm preparing a census
for the government.
I'm cataloging new species that have
been created as a direct result...
...of nuclear contamination.
-Is that what you think created this thing?
-Yeah.
I found a blood sample
earlier this evening.
How close did you get to the thing?
I got pretty close.
-And what else did you find out?
-Well, we know that he eats tons of fish.
He's amphibious. He's a burrower.
And...
...he's pregnant.
-He is?
-He's a very unusual he.
I mean, obviously,
these tests weren't designed for this...
...but fundamentally, they look for
hormonal patterns to indicate pregnancy.
I don't get it.
If he's the first of his kind...
...how can he be pregnant?
I mean, doesn't he need a mate?
Not if he reproduces asexually.
Where's the fun in that?
I kept thinking,
"Why would he travel so far?"
But it makes perfect sense.
Lots of animals travel
great distances for reproduction.
That's what he's doing in New York.
He's nesting.
-Nesting?
-Yes.
Do you realize that a lizard can lay
up to 12 eggs at a time?
-Think of it.
-I didn't know that.
Forgive me. I have to get this to the lab
and see if I can confirm all this.
I'll be right back.
Come on, Joey.
There's nothing down here.
I'm telling you, man. I heard...
...something.
You heard nothing. It's a dead end.
Anything?
No. Nothing down here.
Nothing at all.
This is why all the king's
horses and all the king's men...
...may not be able to put
the Big Apple together again.
Audrey Timmonds, WIDF News.
-Yes.
-That's it. You owe me a beer.
You like it?
I should've worn my hair back.
-No, it looks great.
-You liked it? Good.
-Can I ask you something?
-Yeah.
How did you get a hold of this material?
Well, you know.
It's like you said...
...nice guys finish last.
-Thank you. I love you.
-Oh, yeah, sure.
What--?
Murray! Murray!
Come here a second.
Hold on a second, all right? What is it?
I've got footage
of places this thing has attacked.
-You do?
-Yeah.
-Whose story is that?
-Mine.
There's a lot of movement
down there.
Military, police...
It's my breakfast.
I'm hungry.
Quiet!
If we can lure him into a more open area
such as this portion of Central Park...
-...we should be able to take him down.
-You didn't scratch it.
That's not true.
Our worm guy-- I mean,
Dr. Tatopoulos here has found blood.
Yes. Yes, I did.
The only thing we need to do
is get him out into the open terrain.
And use weapons that don't rely
on heat-seeking technology.
Excuse me, sir. I think this situation
has become more complicated than that.
The blood that I collected revealed
that the creature is about to lay eggs...
...or already has.
Are you trying to tell us that
there's another one of those things?
No, no, governor. I don't believe so.
Wait a minute. Wait, wait, wait.
Then how can it be pregnant?
What is this, the Virgin Lizard?
No, it reproduces asexually.
That's why we have to find the nest
as soon as possible.
Otherwise, up to a dozen
are gonna be born.
Each one capable
of laying eggs on its own.
Very quickly, we can be looking
at an enormous population.
After we kill the creature,
we'll search for the nest.
No. I think it might be too late by then.
These eggs are gonna hatch quickly.
How could you possibly know that?
The fish.
The fish that we found on the subway.
He's not collecting all this food
just for himself.
He's preparing to feed his young.
Do we have something on this guy?
Professor Nick Ta...Tat...Tato...
...they call him "the worm guy."
Stay tuned for our special report.
Yo. Will you excuse us, please?
Where you been?
They just promoed your spot.
-It's up right after this.
-Oh, good.
-Can you turn it up, please?
-Yo. Can you turn it up, please? The TV.
If Dr. Tatopoulos is right, we have to act
quickly before this problem escalates.
You wanna divide our efforts
based solely on some wild theory?
Nick's come through for us before,
and if he feels strongly--
Come through for you?
Colonel, your campaign's a disaster.
You weren't able to keep this thing
from coming to Manhattan.
Excuse me, gentlemen,
but I think we should see this.
Look at the methods and motivations
of Manhattan's newest unwanted pest.
"Godzilla." That's what Japanese sailors
called him in song.
A mythological sea dragon
who filled their hearts with fear.
-Oh, my God. He stole my report!
-I know.
Our modern-day terror.
-I don't believe it!
-Who is this Godzilla?
Where did he come from?
And why is he here?
And it's "Gojira," you moron!
A direct path can be traced from
Manhattan to French Polynesia...
...where nuclear tests
have been going on.
Research member, Dr. Tapadopoulos,
believes the creature may be nesting...
...using Manhattan as ground zero
to cultivate the species.
This despite the fact that the might of the
U.S. military has been unable to subdue...
-You went to the press with this?
-No.
-No, I haven't talked to anyone.
-They mentioned you by name!
Yeah. Yeah.
-You gave them the tape?
-No, I didn't--
No, I didn't give them the tape.
No. It's in my tent right now.
Oh, my God!
Oh, my God. She took it.
Pack your stuff, mister.
You're officially off this project as of now.
What's going on?
We're leaving.
You guys get those trucks moving.
Get back. Right there. Let's go. Move.
I'm so sorry about all this.
Make sure that Hicks finds that nest
before it's too late.
I'll try.
What do you mean he's not there?
You told me he was on the other line.
Please. It's urgent.
I really need to talk to him.
Yes. Nick Tatopoulos.
You're leaving?
Why?
Is it because of me?
Because of the story?
Well, what did you think
was gonna happen?
You never said it was off the record.
I shouldn't have to, Audrey.
You were supposed to be my friend.
I trusted you.
Nick, there's something
I have to tell you.
Look, I lied to you. I'm not a reporter.
When we broke up,
and I first came out to New York...
...I was so sure I'd make it.
But I haven't.
That's Why I needed the story so bad.
I just couldn't tell you I'm a failure.
You thought that made it okay
to steal my tapes?
No. It was a terrible thing to do.
And I never should've done that.
Good luck with your new career.
I really think you have what it takes.
Newark Airport.
I'm sorry.
Hey, yo. Come on.
Give her a break, will you?
Hey. Excuse me.
Is this the best way to the airport?
Sir, where are you going?
Hey, hello!
Okay, stop.
Stop the car, right now.
All right. Now let me out of here!
I'm afraid I can't do that.
Hey. I know you, don't I?
-Yeah. Yeah, you're that insurance guy.
-Agent Philippe Roaché.
D.G.S.E. Direction Générale
de la Securité Extérieure.
Sounds big.
The French Secret Service.
Thought you'd like to know your American
friends have decided not to look...
...for the creature's nest.
What? Are you sure?
How do you know that?
We know.
-Trust me.
-Trust you?
You hijack me,
and you expect me to trust you?
-Yes.
-And why should I do that?
Because you are the only one
who wants to find the nest...
...as much as I do.
How did you get this stuff
into the country?
This is America.
You can buy anything.
But why all the secrecy?
Why aren't you guys working
with the U.S.?
I'm not permitted
to speak of such things.
Hey, you said
that you needed my trust.
Well, then I need yours.
I am a patriot.
I love my country. You understand that?
-Sure.
-It is my job to protect my country.
Sometimes, I must even protect it
from itself.
From mistakes we've made.
Mistakes that we don't want
the world to know about.
Talking about the nuclear tests?
Yes. This testing done by my country
left a terrible mess.
We're here to clean it up.
We know how to get into the city...
...but we just don't know
where to start looking.
Here. This is the
23rd Street Subway Station.
That's Where we found the fish. That
would be a good place to start looking.
So you're in?
Yeah. Yeah, I'm in.
I always wanted to join
the French Foreign Legion.
-Hello.
-How's it going?
Hey.
Excuse me. Pardon me. Sorry.
-Honey.
-Hi, sweetie.
-Who the hell are all these people?
-What?
I couldn't just let them sleep
on the street.
-Where--? Where's Audrey?
-In the bedroom, crying her eyes out...
-...because of you.
-Me?
What--? What did I do?
That "gotta be vicious" stuff
you filled her head with.
-I thought-- Get out of here!
-Go in there and talk to her now.
Is it wrong with you? Excuse me.
Contrary to some frivolous reporting...
...we have absolutely no information
whatsoever to make us believe...
...that there are any eggs
of the creature in the city.
There's no need for panic.
Repeat. There's no reason to panic.
It's all my fault.
What have I done, Animal?
What have I become?
Look at me. This isn't me.
I don't do stuff like this.
You made a mistake, all right?
It happens.
Yeah, well...
...I just totally screwed up with the only
man who will ever care about me.
If I told you can make it all up to him,
would you?
Of course, I would.
All right, so get this.
After he left you in the street there,
I kind of followed him.
I figured I'd talk some sense
into the guy, you know?
Next thing I know,
he pulls into this warehouse...
...with all these French wackos
in military outfits.
They wanna try to sneak back
into the city tonight.
-They're going after the nest.
-If he finds it...
...I think you should be the one that lets
the world know this guy was right.
What, you want me
to follow him into the city?
Yeah, we both will.
Come on. It'll be fun. It'll be fun.
Oh, I don't know.
I've already made
such a mess of everything.
Yeah, you really did, Audrey.
Listen. I'm going after him.
You can come with me or not, okay?
What are you doing?
You can't let Lucy know. She'll hurt me.
What's with the chewing gum?
It makes us look more American.
Really?
Just let me do all the talking. All right?
It's not in gear.
Follow me. This way.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah. Okay.
Come on.
What is this place?
It's a vent that leads down
to the subway tunnels underneath here.
It should take us right
to the 23rd Street Station in Manhattan.
You gotta be kidding me.
Aren't there rats and stuff down here?
I'm a little bit more concerned
about lizards at this point.
Big, ugly, nasty, large lizards.
Who are you boys with?
We're with the 3-2, sir.
I didn't ask you, soldier.
Sergeant O'Neal
just called down for us.
He wants us to join him right now, sir.
Thank you.
-You got a problem talking?
-Why, no, sir. I'm fine.
-All right. Keep it moving.
-Oh, thank you very much.
Elvis Presley movies. He was the king.
Sir, O'Neal online.
O'Neal, do you read me?
Go for O'Neal.
Well, how are we doing?
So far, so good. We're--
We're right on schedule.
We're good. We're...
We're good.
-Oh, my God.
-Yeah.
There they are.
Kill your light. Kill your light.
Well, come on. How do we get down
there? We're gonna lose them.
-How the hell did they get down there?
-I don't know.
You don't think
they climbed down this thing?
Oh, Jesus.
Careful.
-Give me your hand.
-I got you.
-Do you hear that?
-What?
Rendezvous.
Animal, come on!
I guess we go this way.
-Sir, we've spotted him in section five.
-Section...
Combat positions. Here--
Here we go! Combat.
Target's heading north
to section five, sir.
CAUTION - TARGET BEARING N NE
Do not fire
until he has cleared the buildings...
...and enters the park.
Hold your fire.
Wait until he enters the park.
Come on.
He's leaving! Damn it! Fire! Fire at will!
Damn!
Fire!
Raven flight, evasive maneuvers.
The target is in the clear. He's headed
towards the Westside Highway.
Don't worry. The Navy had
a little something there waiting for him.
All stations report manned
for battle station.
-All right. At ordered depth, sir.
-All right. We've got him on sonar.
-Utah closing in.
-Make final preparations. Prepare to fire.
Aye, aye. Manned and ready.
Torpedo room reports
manned and ready, sir.
-Final bearing and shoot. Aye.
-Are we looked on?
-Aye, aye, sir.
-Locked on, captain.
-Number one, stand by.
-Fire.
-Torpedo one left the tube.
Indiana and Anchorage closing in.
-Henson, what's the status?
-We are locked on and closing in, sir.
Fire number one.
-Sir, the target's heading right at us!
-All back full!
Aye, aye, sir. All back full.
Stand back for impact.
In 10 seconds!
Six, five, four...
...three, two, one.
We've lost the Anchorage, sir.
He's shifted course, sir.
He's heading back towards Manhattan.
Full ahead. Close in and lock on.
Prepare tubes
three and four and lock on.
Aye, aye, sir.
-Stand by, three. Fire!
-Torpedo three left the tube.
Impact in eight seconds.
Seven, six...
--three, two, one.
-Direct hit!
-Got him.
-Congratulations, sir.
-Good job.
Yeah, well done.
Good job.
What's up there?
This is a good smell.
Yeah.
Look. Audrey, look at this.
He trashed the Garden.
Man. Now I'm pissed.
-Hey, is that them?
-Yeah.
Three eggs.
-I thought there'd be more.
-And you were right.
Oh, my.
There's gotta be
more than 20 eggs here.
Way more.
Start counting.
Could you help me?
-Yeah. You all right?
-Yep.
There.
We don't have enough explosives.
What the hell are they doing?
Nick, we have a problem.
Oh, my God!
-God.
-Come on.
-Let's go.
-One second, all right? One second.
This is...
...unbelievable.
Don't you think we have enough?
I just want--
Just--
Yeah, that's good for me.
That's plenty.
We should...
Let's...
Just let's not...
...startle it.
We smell like the fish.
-I think we should leave now.
-I think that's a good idea.
Come on. Come on.
-Everybody outside! Now!
-Come on. Let's go.
Look the doors now.
We have to keep them contained inside.
Come on. Let's go.
-You see that?
-All right. On three.
-Okay.
-Three!
This is where the Knicks get showered.
Oh, my God.
Great. Now what do we do?
I'm standing here now just outside the
Jersey entrance to the Lincoln Tunnel.
Where thousands of angry refugees
are demanding to be let back into the city.
All arteries into the city
are clogged with Manhattanites...
...who are jubilant
Godzilla was defeated...
Yes, yes, I understand.
Your office
is being swamped with calls.
I know. I know. Do you have any idea
what's going on out there?
The phones are ringing off the hook
with people screaming to be let back in.
We're sending divers in
to retrieve the body.
It's dead. What are you waiting for?
Colonel. Colonel.
-We've gotta start a search for the nest.
-Elsie, we've been through this.
What if Nick is right
and we blow this whole thing?
Sir, this could be the only chance
we have to do something about it.
Captain, organize a search party. I want
a complete sweep of the entire city...
-...and the subway.
-You don't have the authority.
Try and stop me.
Contact the military.
And get them to send a bomber
to blow up this building.
-How do I do that?
-555-7600.
Tell them it's a Code Dragonfly.
That should get you through.
-What are you waiting for?
-555 what?
-Seven, six, zero, zero.
-All circuits are busy right now.
-It's busy.
Try again.
-What did they say?
-All circuits are busy.
I can't get through.
I don't know what's wrong.
We've secured the doors
on the upper-levels.
Where's Jean-Philippe
and Jean-Pierre?
They didn't make it.
Nick, my men and I
will hold them here.
You'll have to go and get help.
Okay.
-You think we could fit up in there?
-I-- I--
There's only one way to find out, right?
Boost me up.
This is not good.
Come on, come on.
Come on.
Wrong floor.
Hey, why don't we go this way?
It's me.
-It's me.
-What happened?
They're loose.
They're all over the place.
I couldn't get out.
Who the hell are you?
Audrey?
Here.
-Hey. Hey. Hey.
-Are you all right?
-I think 30.
-Hey.
-No cameras!
-What, are you kid--?
Yeah, all right. Very good.
Do you have a radio or walkie-talkie?
Anything we can use
to contact the outside?
-What about the phones?
-No, it's no good.
-The circuits are all jammed.
-Oh, wait.
I know a way. I know how
we can get a message to the outside.
This way. Come on.
The tape. The tape.
Come on!
Come on. Come on.
The broadcast booth is right over here.
How do you know that?
Our network covers the Ranger games.
-It's locked.
-Wait. There's a code. There's a code.
Come on. Come on.
I was just about to get it.
The network is on an internet. It's a direct
feed into our computer system.
Your station isn't gonna have any easier
time reaching the military.
When you worked with them,
did they monitor all the news broadcasts?
Yeah. Yeah, they did.
All right, we'll go live.
Audrey, we'll broadcast right from in here.
Hopefully, they'll see it.
I'll try to get a message through.
Let's not forget, in our rush to return...
...that many people
have had their lives changed forever.
No one in the city
has been untouched by the tragedy.
The sick, the displaced, the injured...
Only by reaching out...
There's no Ranger game on tonight.
Ed, if you're seeing this,
will you please put us on live?
It's urgent.
I know this sounds crazy, Ed,
but you have to do it.
Please just trust me.
I'm not putting you on live.
-I don't think he's gonna do it.
-Oh, yes, he will.
All right, Ed, come on.
You see that, Ed? They're gonna be
all over the city if we don't stop them.
Give me a second, will you?
Finally, the time has come
to return to our homes.
-Get the boats ready.
-These are the last three.
Our fears have been allayed...
...thanks to the heroic efforts
of our boys in uniform.
What's going on? Are we on?
Yeah, good. You're on.
-Are we on?
-Yes, yes. You're on. Go.
We're live inside
Madison Square Garden...
...where Dr. Niko Tatopoulos
has discovered the beast's lair.
Doctor, can you please tell us
What's happening here?
That's you. Yes. Go, go.
Thank you.
Well, we've discovered over 200 eggs.
Go get Hicks. Get Hicks.
Which a few moments ago,
began hatching.
The creatures,
though just hatched, are over 9 feet tall.
And they've begun feeding.
When their food supply runs out here...
...they will attempt to hunt down food
of their own outside of this nest.
Oh, my God.
If they get out, they'll multiply...
...and very soon,
a new species will emerge.
One that could replace us
as the dominant species of this planet.
Each one of these amazing reptiles
are born pregnant.
Adaptive and cunning, these 200
could become 40,000 Within this year.
If the military
is listening to this broadcast...
...they have to destroy this
building immediately...
...before these creatures can escape.
So far, they're all trapped
inside this building...
...but I don't think
we can contain them for long.
They're very strong, they're agile,
and they're looking for food.
So I guess your theory
of the creature nesting...
...turned out to be correct after all.
Regardless of what happens to us...
...the most important thing is that
this building be destroyed immediately...
...before they can escape
out into the city.
Reporting live
from Madison Square Garden...
...this is Audrey Timmonds
for WIDF News.
Thanks, Audrey.
Sure.
That's affirmative.
Let me spell it out for you.
I want you to blow up
Madison Square Garden.
Well, the good news
is they got that message.
The bad news is we got less than
six minutes to get out of the building.
Okay. The party's over. Time to leave.
Anyone care to join me?
-What--? Where did you find this guy?
-He's from France.
Stallion 1-5 is IP inbound.
-Are you okay?
-Yeah.
Guys. Guys, this way. Come on.
Oh, my God. The fish!
Nick, come on!
They've eaten all the fish.
Come on, Nick, this way.
Not this way, back that way!
-The escalators!
-Hurry!
Stallions, check master arms on.
Two, three.
I think I lost them.
Stallion 1-5, showing a good laser track
on top of the Garden. Selecting LGB.
How much time do we have left?
-Less than 30 seconds.
-Oh, God.
Let's go. Let's go.
Let's go. Come on.
Come on. Come on.
Send your Mavericks.
Two away.
Lead has good hits.
You all right?
Yeah.
Somehow, I never thought
your life was this exciting.
You'd be surprised.
I'd like to find out.
How are you doing? You all right?
I could use a coffee.
He looks angry.
What--? What--? What do we do?
Running would be a good idea.
Let's go!
Come on.
-Get in. Get in.
-What are you doing?
You better step on it, Mr. French.
Take 57th Street
and cut across the Westside.
No, what are you crazy? Take the FDR.
-Please. The FDR in the rain?
-There ought to be a map.
He's getting larger.
Take the Westside Highway.
I got one.
This is a subway map.
Broadway?
-No, no.
Make up your minds.
-Broadway. Come on.
-Broadway. Take Broadway!
Affirmative.
We're traveling down Broadway and...
Make a right on 34th Street.
-That was O'Neal!
-Is everybody okay? Everybody, all right?
-Turn around. Do it.
-What?
-No.
-What? Why?
Command Center. Command.
Command, this is O'Neal.
O'Neal!
-O'Neal, what's going on?
-He's back, sir. He's back.
Godzilla is still alive.
Lieutenant Rogers,
are those F-18's still in the air?
-Yes, sir. They're heading back to base.
-Turn them around.
-Here it is. Here it is.
-Sir, what are we looking for?
Every cab company keeps a record
of each of its cabs' radio frequencies.
Bingo.
Hey, hey. He's getting closer.
There. In there.
The tunnel. Go in the tunnel.
Hey.
They've got it blocked off.
Now where would you like to go?
Turn off the lights.
Nick, are you there?
Nick.
O'Neal-- O'Neal? O'Neal.
Nice trick with the cab ID.
-Where the hell are you?
-You have to help us.
-We're in the-- We're in the--
-Park Avenue Tunnel.
-Park Avenue.
-He's got us trapped in here.
-Nick.
Listen to me. You guys
have got to lure him out into the open...
-...so we can get a clear shot at him. Over.
-No problem there.
You want us to wash him
up for you too?
-Where's the nearest suspension bridge?
-Brooklyn. Brooklyn.
-Let's go.
-And how would you like us to do that?
This thing have high beams?
Now.
Sir, he's headed
toward the Brooklyn Bridge.
Target is heading toward
the Brooklyn Bridge, sir.
Direct the F-18's
to the Brooklyn Bridge.
-He's not following us.
-Really?
-Oh, my God!
-You gotta kidding me, man.
We're in his mouth!
You're going the wrong way, man.
Going the wrong way.
Will you shut up now?
Okay. Gun it! Gun it! Go, go, go.
Go, go, go.
Move it, move it, move it.
O'Neal. O'Neal, it worked!
He's caught in the suspension cables.
Do it!
-Now.
-Roger that.
Stallion 1-5, tally one on the bridge.
Look on and fire at will.
Two away.
Go.
Direct hit,
but the target is still moving, sir.
Well, circle around and fire again!
Yeah.
That's my husband!
Oh, my-- I'm gonna kill him.
-Oh, my God.
-Yes.
Oh, my. Oh, God. Oh, no.
Wait.
We can use this.
-The mayor who destroyed Godzilla.
-I don't think we should exploit this.
-It could backfire.
-You listen to me, idiot.
I do the thinking around here.
It's a magnificent idea.
You know what I think about you
and your campaign?
Gene, wait a minute.
Where you going? I need you.
O'Neal, do you read me?
Yes-- Yes, sir.
That was one hell of a job, soldier.
That's one hell of a job.
Roger that, sir.
Sorry, folks. I've already promised
my story as an exclusive...
...to another reporter.
We did it. We did it.
We got the exclusive!
Audrey, you're beautiful.
We did? I don't think so.
Remember, you work for me.
Not anymore, Chuck.
I quit.
But you-- You--
She quits.
All right, folks.
Let's keep it moving. Keep it moving.
Audrey. Audrey.
-You take the tape out of the camera?
-No.
I mean, I can't--
I couldn't have just lost it.
Where's Philippe?
Hello? Hello?
-It's Philippe.
-Where are you?
Tell your friends I will send the tape
after I've removed a few items from it.
-I understand.
-I just wanted to say au revoir.
And thank you for your help, my friend.
Well, wait. Hello?
Au revoir.
Who was that French guy anyway?
Just some insurance guy.
Did he take my--?
Did he say anything about tape?
Yeah, he said something
about your tape.
Well, what did he--?
Does he have my tape?
Yeah, he has your tape.
You'll get it back.
English